   This is a test file that has lots of data in it.
It's got    a bunch of      consecutive   spaces to test simplistic
implementations of wc.  The file starts with some spaces, because
failing to count initial spaces is a common bug in wc implementations.



It's also got a few consecutive newlines, as you can see.  And look,
here's	a tab character! Two		tabs in a row, even. At the very end
of the file, there's a line containing just five spaces.

In the meantime, let's enjoy a hearty reading of some 18th-century philosophy.
Here follows an excerpt from The Critique of Pure Reason by Immanuel Kant.


P 105
THE TRANSCENDENTAL CLUE TO THE DISCOVERY OF
ALL PURE CONCEPTS OF THE UNDERSTANDING
Section I
THE LOGICAL EMPLOYMENT OF THE UNDERSTANDING
The understanding has thus far been explained merely
negatively, as a non-sensible faculty of knowledge. Now since
without sensibility we cannot have any intuition, understanding A68
cannot be a faculty of intuition. But besides intuition there
is no other mode of knowledge except by means of concepts. B93
The knowledge yielded by understanding, or at least by the
human understanding, must therefore be by means of concepts,
and so is not intuitive, but discursive. Whereas all intuitions,
as sensible, rest on affections, concepts rest on functions. By
'function' I mean the unity of the act of bringing various 
representations under one common representation. Concepts are
based on the spontaneity of thought, sensible intuitions on the
receptivity of impressions. Now the only use which the 
understanding can make of these concepts is to judge by means of
them. Since no representation, save when it is an intuition,
is in immediate relation to an object, no concept is ever
related to an object immediately, but to some other representation
of it, be that other representation an intuition, or itself
a concept. Judgment is therefore the mediate knowledge of an
object, that is, the representation of a representation of it. In
every judgment there is a concept which holds of many 
representations, and among them of a given representation that is
immediately related to an object. Thus in the judgment, 'all
bodies are divisible', the concept of the divisible applies to
various other concepts, but is here applied in particular to
the concept of body, and this concept again to certain appearances A69
that present themselves to us. These objects, therefore,
are mediately represented through the concept of divisibility.
Accordingly, all judgments are functions of unity among our
P 106
representations; instead of an immediate representation, a B94
higher representation, which comprises the immediate 
representation and various others, is used in knowing the object,
and thereby much possible knowledge is collected into one.
Now we can reduce all acts of the understanding to judgments,
and the understanding may therefore be represented
as a faculty of judgment. For, as stated above, the 
understanding is a faculty of thought. Thought is knowledge by
means of concepts. But concepts, as predicates of possible
judgments, relate to some representation of a not yet determined
object. Thus the concept of body means something, for
instance, metal, which can be known by means of that concept.
It is therefore a concept solely in virtue of its 
comprehending other representations, by means of which it can
relate to objects. It is therefore the predicate of a possible
judgment, for instance, 'every metal is a body'. The functions
of the understanding can, therefore, be discovered if we can
give an exhaustive statement of the functions of unity in
judgments. That this can quite easily be done will be shown
in the next section.
THE CLUE TO THE DISCOVERY OF ALL PURE A70 B95
CONCEPTS OF THE UNDERSTANDING
Section 2
$9
THE LOGICAL FUNCTION OF THE UNDERSTANDING IN
JUDGMENTS
If we abstract from all content of a judgment, and consider
only the mere form of understanding, we find that the
function of thought in judgment can be brought under four
heads, each of which contains three moments. They may be
conveniently represented in the following table:
P 107
I
Quantity of Judgments
Universal
Particular
Singular 
II
Quality
Affirmative
Negative
Infinite
III
Relation
Categorical
Hypothetical
Disjunctive
IV
Modality
Problematic
Assertoric
Apodeictic
As this division appears to depart in some, though not in B96
any essential respects, from the technical distinctions ordinarily
recognised by logicians, the following observations may A71
serve to guard against any possible misunderstanding.
1. Logicians are justified in saying that, in the employment
of judgments in syllogisms, singular judgments can
be treated like those that are universal. For, since they
have no extension at all, the predicate cannot relate to part
only of that which is contained in the concept of the subject,
and be excluded from the rest. The predicate is valid of that
concept, without any such exception, just as if it were a
general concept and had an extension to the whole of which
the predicate applied. If, on the other hand, we compare a
singular with a universal judgment, merely as knowledge,
in respect of quantity, the singular stands to the universal as
unity to infinity, and is therefore in itself essentially different
from the universal. If, therefore, we estimate a singular judgment
(judicium singulare), not only according to its own inner
validity, but as knowledge in general, according to its quantity
in comparison with other knowledge, it is certainly different
from general judgments (judicia communia), and in a complete
table of the moments of thought in general deserves a
separate place -- though not, indeed, in a logic limited to the
use of judgments in reference to each other. B97
P 108
2. In like manner infinite judgments must, in transcendental
logic, be distinguished from those that are affirmative,
although in general logic they are rightly classed with A72
them, and do not constitute a separate member of the division.
General logic abstracts from all content of the predicate (even
though it be negative); it enquires only whether the predicate
be ascribed to the subject or opposed to it. But transcendental
logic also considers what may be the worth or content of a
logical affirmation that is thus made by means of a merely
negative predicate, and what is thereby achieved in the way
of addition to our total knowledge. If I should say of the soul,
'It is not mortal', by this negative judgment I should at least
have warded off error. Now by the proposition, 'The soul
is non-mortal', I have, so far as the logical form is concerned,
really made an affirmation. I locate the soul in the unlimited
sphere of non-mortal beings. Since the mortal constitutes
one part of the whole extension of possible beings, and the
non-mortal the other, nothing more is said by my proposition
than that the soul is one of the infinite number of things which
remain over when I take away all that is mortal. The infinite
sphere of all that is possible is thereby only so far limited that
the mortal is excluded from it, and that the soul is located B98
in the remaining part of its extension. But, even allowing
for such exclusion, this extension still remains infinite, and
several more parts of it may be taken away without the concept
of the soul being thereby in the least increased, or  A73
determined in an affirmative manner. These judgments, though
infinite in respect of their logical extension, are thus, in respect
of the content of their knowledge, limitative only, and cannot
therefore be passed over in a transcendental table of all
moments of thought in judgments, since the function of the
understanding thereby expressed may perhaps be of 
importance in the field of its pure a priori knowledge.





     
